useful git commands:
  overwrite pat-pc-sync-branch to be the same as master
    git push origin +master:pat-pc-sync-branch
  delete local copy of pat-pc-sync-branch so that pulling the new copy doesn't try to merge
    git checkout master
    git branch -D pat-pc-sync-branch
    git pull ghostit pat-pc-sync-branch
  merge the changes in pat-pc-sync-branch back into the master branch
    git checkout master
    git pull origin master
    git merge pat-pc-sync-branch
    git push origin master

imagine scenario:
  var = 4; this.setState({ var: 4 });
    vs
  var = 4; if (this.state.var !== 4) this.setState({ var: 4 });
  is it more efficient / better to do the if beforehand if it will occasionally cancel out the setState call?

(components/CampaignModal)
Later think about sorting posts in a campaign chronologically on the fly.
(when changing a post time, have its place in the list move if necessary).

Ability for the users to 'duplicate' a post in a campaign.

Maybe add feedback that lets the user know when their post / campaign has been successfully saved.

sometimes clicking an account to post to doesn't give feedback that the account was chosen until something else is changed.

prompt users when they try to delete a post.

when user has no posts on their calendar to show, have a "Create your first campaign" button on today's date.

highlight the current day on the calendar.

after publishing a recipe, you should be able to publish it again which will overwrimte the previous publish.

whiteboard:
  - ability to create colour for custom task
    (should the user be able to use a full colour picker or should we just give more colours that are different from the campaign colours? what should the default colour be?)
  - campaign description
    (campaign modal is starting to get cluttered / bloated so im not sure where to put the text box for this.)
  - recipe.author
    ()
  - calendar event completed checkmarks / custom task completed
    (show a checkmark beside posts on the calendar that have been posted. show them for custom tasks as well but the only way to toggle the checkmark is for the user to open the task and mark it completed themselves.)


recipe edit and delete
  campaign and recipe:
    need to sort recipe posts chronologically, but where should we do it?
    recipe editing: posts need some way to display which social type it is (besides just the color of its list button)
    custom tasks need their own colour
    delete recipe button
creating campaign from a recipe:
  user should be able to change the start date in a way that pushes all the post dates forward / back accordingly
  maybe just a button that shows up if campaign.recipeID. that button pushes all dates/times accordingly.

make campaignModal footer its own component

campaign start and end date button "Wrap Posts" which sets the start and end dates to the earlier and latest posting date of all the posts.

maybe for recipeEditing, the Save Template button can change a little bit if somethingChanged = true?

sort recipes by use count?

search recipes.

moment.isMoment(date) within createState / willReceiveProps ?

next task:
  give option when changing start date to move all dates accordingly.
    (prompt after confirm change? checkbox beside Start Date "Keep all dates relative".)
    bug: open campaign, create a new post but dont save it, change the anchor date (new post gets temporarily overwritten by first post)

discard changes to campaign before exit saves them.

mobile app that alerts the user when they need to do a custom task?

Small question marks beside things that aren't super intuitive. Mousing over the question mark displays a tooltip explaining things.
